come join the retail revolution with
paymaster the complete mobile POS
solution
and now let's take the fast and accurate
paymaster wireless system for a spin
you'll first notice that it's no larger
than many ipod touch cases it's
ergonomic and compact design makes it
easy to hold in use for extended periods
of time the mobile POS solution includes
the barcode scanner coupled with our
patent-pending paymaster mobile POS
software the device uses a touchscreen
interface to access nearly every feature
you would need to help a guest including
purchases with credit and debit cards
cash and making returns the device
includes a built-in CRM that is linked
to your POS system it's also linked to
your cash drawers receipt printers etc
all via secure wireless connections
paymaster is clearly revolutionising
retail sales by processing transactions
anywhere on the sales floor effectively
bringing the checkout process to the
guests instead of the other way around
so here we go you launch the application
and enter in your account name and
password and then press the Sign In
button the paymaster home screen
consists of six large feature buttons
and a logout button many of these
options such as no sale can be hidden
using the application settings the
paymaster transaction menu allows you to
start a new sale to retrieve an existing
transaction reprint a receipt create a
no sale to access a cash drawer change
device settings such as receipt printer
and a search function that allows you to
easily scan enter in an item and check
its price and current inventory levels
when a new transaction begins you're
prompted for your sales associate ID so
that the sale can be attributed to the
actual sales associate and not the
cashier running paymaster there is a
setting that allows you to prompt for
the customer at the beginning of the
transaction right after the sales
associate ID prompt if you do not prompt
in the beginning you can select a
customer during the tender process
guests can be searched by any
combination of first name last name
phone number email address city zip code
and customer number
if you want to use a default cash
customer you can press the skip button
at the top of the search window using
the Scan button on the right hand side
of the device paymaster can scan all
standard barcode formats we even support
custom bar codes if the item is located
it is automatically added to the order
as you continue to scan items they will
automatically be added to the order if
the scan is invalid or the item cannot
be located and alert is displayed you
can then manually enter in the UPC code
for the product or use the paymaster
search feature by tapping on the arrow
to the right of a line item from within
the order you can access the item
options screen this screen allows you to
manually assign a new price or to assign
a discount amount either dollars or
percentage adjust sales tax tax
exemption for example add product
warranties recycling fees and gift
receipts you can also enter the discount
code and press the Go button for instant
access to any discount when you select
the edit price option and if you have
the proper security level you can apply
a new price manually and select a reason
for the price change discounts can be
applied to individual line items and or
to an entire order the tender screen
shows the number of items subtotal tax
total and balance do additional lines
such as recycling fees etc can be added
via settings among the settings
available in paymaster is the ability to
accept cash or cheque payment to accept
gift card payments and to do gift card
balance inquiries if gift cards are
accepted the card can be swiped or
entered manually when accepting a gift
card you're prompted to swipe the card
and to enter in the amount to deduct
from the gift card the default amount
will be the order total when accepting a
credit card you're prompted for the
amount the default is the order balance
press ok and then you will be prompted
to swipe the users credit card there is
a user setting that can enable or
disable a confirmation prompt for the
last four digits of the credit card
when accepting a credit card you can use
a manual entry screen this screen checks
valid credit card ranges and the card
number before attempting authorization
when the credit card information is
received by paymaster from the device it
will custom encrypt the card number and
entire card swipe paymaster supports
blowfish triple des and aes encryption
methods upon approval of the card you
will present the paymaster device to the
guest for their signature the guest
simply draws their signature with their
finger on the screen you then can verify
the signature displayed with the
signature on the back of the card when a
transaction has been completed paymaster
automatically displays several options
to allow you to easily print the guest a
receipt to email the receipt to the
guest to send the receipt via SMS text
to the guest or to send via all three
methods your guests may choose a
merchandise delivery option if
appropriate if the merchandise is to be
shipped from a delivery provider our
software automatically generates
tracking data for the shipment and sends
the tracking data via email to the
guests email address now you're ready
for the next transaction and the next
satisfied guest paymaster it's that fast
and it's that simple
so what are you waiting for join us
today in the retail revolution with
paymaster the complete mobile POS
solution
for further information please contact
one of our sales professionals at 888
602 0046 extension 105 by email at sales
at at masters net or on the web at WWF
masters net